Dad, how can you do this?
You close it
Uncle Shu
Tonight is not a bargaining chip
So
You just
So you don't agree?
My equipment is getting old
Not a few days alive
If I leave in a few days
that
I don't ask you for anything
Just ask you after I leave
Can you be nicer tonight?
I'm not assured either.
Ah, dear.
What's wrong with you?
Didn't you remind me two days ago? Haha.
Uncle Shu, I didn't say I didn't agree
So you don't have to talk to me about feelings
So you agree?
I didn't say yes either.
So be it, Uncle Shu
Since he has become a closed disciple of the ancestor of the Han family
It doesn't matter to you
Then you have to give something
You give me a billion dollars.
I promise I can let you, okay?
I'll let Finance transfer money to you now.
hum passerby
You really are still that greedy and lustful pants.
The passerby is rich
Lustful
Impossible to be as shameless as you
You hey hey hey
Mulan, please check your account together.
Uh, I have asked the finance department to transfer the money to you.
It seems that Uncle Shu is quite powerful, isn't he?
A billion is coming so soon.
Commander Luo
Little Leshan, how are you going?
The last batch is starting.
Okay, Mr. Li
We're on our way.